well howdy there Internet people it's
bug again so all over the internet there
are charts and books for sale and guides
and YouTube videos designed to help the
young American male become a man and
find his masculinity most are utterly
ridiculous rather than talking about
those we're not talking about Japanese
art and a Japanese concept years ago
seems like a lifetime ago drew a
rotation working in well what amounts to
a call center that you hope the phone
never rings basically two guys sitting
in a room staring at each other for
hours on end as luck would have it my
turn of doing this for a month I got the
overnight shift then it was this old
Japanese guy and I mean old when we were
off when I got with each other there
weren't a lot of friendly people in the
area so we did what a lot of men do we
drank way too much constantly six seven
hours at a time playing chess and just
getting hammered one night we're
drinking sake and he picks up the cup in
front of him and he is just out of his
mind drunk and he starts rambling about
how perfect it is while pointing out all
of the imperfections in it and then he
grabs my cup and my cups perfect too but
it has different imperfections they're
perfect because they don't conform even
though he could tell they were made by
the same artist and he goes on to tell
me that it's a Japanese concept called
Shibumi and this term this idea doesn't
have a definition in Japanese it
embodies characteristics but it's a
fluid definition and after telling me
there is no definition for it he goes on
to try to define it
I want you to picture a very drunk old
Japanese guy trying to define a Japanese
term that does not have a definition in
Japanese to an American that has no clue
what he's talking about he says that
it's so understated it's a part of
nature but separate from it and in
control of it
exercising control over it and then he
says the phrase that sticks in my mind
he says it's perfection without effort
effortless perfection now that is a hard
idea to get your head around the second
you try you fail subtle understate it a
part of nature and accepting of nature
but separate from it and in control of
it an effortless
that's masculinity maybe masculinity
can't be quantified the way people try
maybe it can't be charted yeah there are
natural characteristics that you're
going to embrace but you're gonna
maintain control over him and you're
gonna be separate from him and it's
gonna be effortless it's gonna be
effortless because you're not gonna try
to force yourself to fit some mold it's
gonna be perfect because you're not
going to conform to a chart maybe your
masculinity is gonna be different than
mine if you think about it that
effortless perfection part that's really
important really important to the
overall concept when you see somebody
trying to be masculine you see somebody
trying to be a tough guy what happens
you immediately know they're not because
it doesn't fit it's not who they are if
they were that guy they wouldn't be
trying it would just be natural it would
be effortless so maybe instead of trying
to look for role models to mimic and try
to force yourself to become like them
maybe the secret for the young American
male in search of masculinity is to
accept what it is in you anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night